#summary Short introduction to the code's structure.

= Introduction =

This project contains several parts:

  * a Firefox addon https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/10292/
  * a java library called xmldap-1.0.jar
  * the code for the xmldap.org STS and relyingparty and of several other example web apps

= Details =

== The Java Library ==

  * The xmldap-1.0.jar file contains the java classes to implement the STS, the relyingparty and the tokenissuer needed by the openinfocard Firfox addon.
  * The security token server code is in the files below this directory [http://code.google.com/p/openinfocard/source/browse/#svn/trunk/src/org/xmldap/sts src/org/xmldap/sts].

  * The library contains code to
    * create SAML assertions
    * sign XML
    * sign SAML
    * validate XML signatures
    * do the crypto stuff needed for the SAML tokens
    * handle the ASN.1 stuff of extended validation certificates like extract the community icon

  * code that is not very much used is e.g.:
    * code for RoamingInformationCards
    * cardstore code

  * The code for the JUNIT tests are in the folder "testsrc". 
    If you hack on the library code please run the tests and provide new ones for your code.

== The xmldap.org applications ==

  * The relying party jsp pages are in [http://code.google.com/p/openinfocard/source/browse/#svn/trunk/websrc/xmldap_rp websrc/xmldap_rp]
  * The STS jsp pages are in [http://code.google.com/p/openinfocard/source/browse/#svn/trunk/websrc/xmldap_sts websrc/xmldap_sts]

== The Firefox Addon ==

  * The code for the Firefox addon is in the [http://code.google.com/p/openinfocard/source/browse/#svn/trunk/firefox firefox folder].

=== Structure of the Firefox addon ===

  * Read the install.rdf and the chrome.manifest
  * The components folder contains the code the runs first. This code code is used to set things up and provide a safe anchor for other parts of the code that need to register something - like openid listeners and card stores. It also contains the idl files that define how components can be accessed by other code.
  * The contents folder contains the [http://code.google.com/p/openinfocard/source/browse/trunk/firefox/chrome/infocard/content/IdentitySelector.js "selector selector"] and the selector(s) and the "Add Card" [http://code.google.com/p/openinfocard/source/browse/trunk/firefox/chrome/infocard/content/cardWizard.js wizard] and the "Card Management" ([http://code.google.com/p/openinfocard/source/browse/trunk/firefox/chrome/infocard/content/cardManager.xul cardManager.xul])

==== The Selector Selector ====

  This is the central part of the openinfocard addon.
  It sets all the handlers and parses the loaded webpage to determine whether an object tag of type "application/x-informationcard" is part of the page.
  The actual selector is started from this code.

  Currently implemented selectors are:
  * The openinfocard selector (cardManager.xul)
  * The Phone selector (not opensource)
  A HBX selector is planned.